README.md, before:

# Bootkube

Bootkube is a helper tool for launching self-hosted Kubernetes clusters.

When launched, bootkube will act as a temporary Kubernetes control-plane (api-server, scheduler, controller-manager), which operates long enough to bootstrap a replacement self-hosted control-plane.

Additionally, bootkube can be used to generate all of the necessary assets for use in bootstrapping a new cluster. These assets can then be modified to support any additional configuration options.

## Guides

* [GCE Quickstart](hack/quickstart/quickstart-gce.md)
* [AWS Quickstart](hack/quickstart/quickstart-aws.md)
* [CoreOS Baremetal](https://github.com/coreos/coreos-baremetal/blob/master/Documentation/bootkube.md)
* [Vagrant Single-Node](hack/single-node/README.md)
* [Vagrant Multi-Node](hack/multi-node/README.md)

## Usage

Bootkube has two main commands: `render` and `start`

### Render assets

Bootkube can be used to render all of the assets necessary for bootstrapping a self-hosted Kubernetes cluster. This includes generation of TLS assets, Kubernetes object manifests, and a kubeconfig to connect to the bootstrapped cluster.

To see available options, run:

```
bootkube render --help
```

Example:

```
bootkube render --asset-dir=my-cluster
```

The resulting assets can be inspected / modified in the generated asset-dir.

### Start bootkube

To start bootkube use the `start` subcommand.

To see available options, run:

```
bootkube start --help
```

Example:

```
bootkube start --asset-dir=my-cluster
```

## Building

First, clone the repo into the proper location in your $GOPATH:

```
go get -u github.com/coreos/bootkube
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/coreos/bootkube
```

Then, to build:

```
make
```

And optionally, to install into $GOPATH/bin:

```
make install
```

## Conformance Tests

This repository includes scripts for running the Kubernetes conformance tests agains the [hack/single-node](hack/single-node) and [hack/multi-node](hack/multi-node) launched clusters.

To run the conformance tests:

```
make conformance-single
```

or

```
make conformance-multi
```

## License

bootkube is under the Apache 2.0 license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

hack: Include cluster update script
This patch includes a small script with the necessary kubectl
invocations needed to upgrade a Kubernetes cluster.

README.md, after:

# Bootkube

Bootkube is a helper tool for launching self-hosted Kubernetes clusters.

When launched, bootkube will act as a temporary Kubernetes control-plane (api-server, scheduler, controller-manager), which operates long enough to bootstrap a replacement self-hosted control-plane.

Additionally, bootkube can be used to generate all of the necessary assets for use in bootstrapping a new cluster. These assets can then be modified to support any additional configuration options.

## Guides

* [GCE Quickstart](hack/quickstart/quickstart-gce.md)
* [AWS Quickstart](hack/quickstart/quickstart-aws.md)
* [CoreOS Baremetal](https://github.com/coreos/coreos-baremetal/blob/master/Documentation/bootkube.md)
* [Vagrant Single-Node](hack/single-node/README.md)
* [Vagrant Multi-Node](hack/multi-node/README.md)

## Usage

Bootkube has two main commands: `render` and `start`

### Render assets

Bootkube can be used to render all of the assets necessary for bootstrapping a self-hosted Kubernetes cluster. This includes generation of TLS assets, Kubernetes object manifests, and a kubeconfig to connect to the bootstrapped cluster.

To see available options, run:

```
bootkube render --help
```

Example:

```
bootkube render --asset-dir=my-cluster
```

The resulting assets can be inspected / modified in the generated asset-dir.

### Start bootkube

To start bootkube use the `start` subcommand.

To see available options, run:

```
bootkube start --help
```

Example:

```
bootkube start --asset-dir=my-cluster
```

## Hack

There are currently a few reference implementations to demonstrate bootstrapping a cluster.

The ./hack directory in this repository contains Vagrant examples & quickstart guides, which launch VM(s) then use bootkube to render assets and launch a self-hosted cluster.

The coreos-baremetal repository contains a reference implementation using bootkube with bootcfg and a baremetal cluster.

* [hack/single-node](hack/single-node/README.md)
* [hack/multi-node](hack/multi-node/README.md)
* [hack/quickstart](hack/quickstart/README.md)
* [coreos-baremetal](https://github.com/coreos/coreos-baremetal/blob/master/Documentation/bootkube.md)

## Upgrading

To upgrade a cluster, use the `hack/update-cluster` script. The script allows you to pass configuration via
environment variables. For more information on the configuration, refer to the script itself. All configuration
is initialized at the top of the script.

## Building

First, clone the repo into the proper location in your $GOPATH:

```
go get -u github.com/coreos/bootkube
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/coreos/bootkube
```

Then, to build:

```
make
```

And optionally, to install into $GOPATH/bin:

```
make install
```

## Conformance Tests

This repository includes scripts for running the Kubernetes conformance tests agains the [hack/single-node](hack/single-node) and [hack/multi-node](hack/multi-node) launched clusters.

To run the conformance tests:

```
make conformance-single
```

or

```
make conformance-multi
```

## License

bootkube is under the Apache 2.0 license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
